To meet the boss, you need to spend money to buy a number to queue.
Really not, I will reveal my identity as the leader of the Beg gang, don't cause any more trouble.
A cold fast gang leader has no weight.
Whoever tells your leader, say the leader of Beg Gang and the leader of Nga Mi are here to see you.
I will come to my countrymen.
If you really see him, it's funny.
3 points.
Pham Hien, you also have today.
Meet the Eastern Leaders
We plan to cooperate with you to sell wheelchairs.
Wheelchair
Impossible.
I not only lost money but also lost reputation.
Are all of them gangsters' children?
Help me with something, thanks to the Eastern Sect Leader.
Later the door will have heavy thanks.
These are all first class beauties.
It's not that it can't be done.
What do you mean?
You bet with me.
Bet it's these two beauties.
If you lose
Looks like a night to me.
Who do you think my hotel is?
Go front door.
Don't you want to know the secret of the Demonic Cult?
What the hell?
Bet I'll tell you everything.
Bet one for all.
I'll bet you.
No change no change
I lack nothing.
Just never slept with the owner.
Pham Hien is worried about my thoughts, right?
Eastern Leadership
I will bet on Pham Hien.
Leader Chu stole my line again.
Pham Hien bet with him.
Pham Hien, you can't be worse than a woman, right?
I bet you.
Whatever you want to bet on, bet on Persian sports and play pool.